Cliff Patron, are you welcome?
You are asking questions for the people of the three worlds
How could it possibly anger Tiandao?
What about attracting the god valve?
This third bye
I wish you all the best.
Can't get away with it
Don't waste it, we were wrong.
Don't say goodbye, little friend.
It seems that you can sign up for blood friend fate
You and I should be on an equal footing, right?
Come on, Master
These three prayers are still missing one.
If this is not a gift
Don't you blame me?
Hey no no no
Today's Ascension Conference
It is still the most important to benefit the Three Realms
If you are delayed due to courtesy
I'm afraid it will attract the gods again
Yes, yes, waiting for the end of the ascent conference
The representative is sincere
Good idea.
Anyway, it 90,000 illegal, you can approve it anytime
I'm always here for you.
The auspicious time has come
It is rumored that heaven and earth are lost.
Three Realms No Owner
The end of the world
Spiritual decline
To the disorder of heaven
Today I am armed and dare to go to the sky
Use Kunlun Mirror to open up the Three Realms of Heaven
The Ascension Conference officially begins
Who has ascended to the sky
Master two masters
Disciple Red Collar has broken through to Heaven and Man Realm
Come into contact with the laws of heaven
Xiang Tongtian ceremony
Red collar you and remember
There are 28 steps in total
Mortals who go to heaven will forsake death
Heaven and Man Realm is only within the tenth step
It's me waiting to step into wonderland
Only one step away from becoming a fairy
It was beyond 28th Street.
Disciple understands
He's not the destined one at all
To let him go up is to die